[install] [configure] Remove unused variables, notes about install location (#14515)
coq/coq: dev/doc/INSTALL.make.md

        make clean

Notes for packagers
-------------------

The `make install` target for Coq's OCaml parts calls `dune
install` internally. Before Dune 2.9, `dune install` didn't support
configuring some installation paths such as `-docdir` and

> `-configdir`, thus these configure options were ignored by default.

Reviewer: This note seems important enough to deserve a warning if the options are used in `configure`.

Author: Agree

        make clean

Notes for packagers
-------------------

> The `make install` target for Coq's OCaml parts will call `dune
> install` internally. Before Dune 2.9, `dune install` didn't support
> configuring some particular install paths such as `-docdir` and
> `-configdir`, thus these configure options are ignored by default.
> 
> If using Dune 2.9, we recommend patching `Makefile.install` so these
> options are taken into account, if using Dune < 2.8, you may have to
> post-process your package to fix install locations. See
> `Makefile.install` `install-dune` target for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `make install` target for Coq's OCaml parts calls `dune
install` internally. Before Dune 2.9, `dune install` didn't support
configuring some installation paths such as `-docdir` and
`-configdir`, thus these configure options were ignored by default.

For Dune 2.9, we recommend patching `Makefile.install` so these
options are taken into account.  For Dune < 2.8, you may have to
post-process your package to fix installation locations. See
`Makefile.install` `install-dune` target for more information.
```

Reviewer 3: Should `< 2.8` be `<= 2.8`? The former doesn't seem consistent with the rest.

Reviewer 2: Or just `< 2.9` or `before 2.9`, requiring involvement of slightly few neurons?  I suppose the condition applies equally to `2.8.2` and `2.8.0`.
